[SOUND]
In part one of this lecture,
we concentrated on styling the menu when the browser was in
fullscreen desktop mode. In this lecture, we're going to
talk about styling the menus when they're in the drop down,
mobile mode. Let's take a look at our
collapsed menu over here. And you can see there's
a bit of a problem. The glyph icon looks way too big,
especially comparatively to the menu. So what we really want, especially
given that this is a font icon, is for both of these things,
the font icon and the word menu and the text over here to really
be the same font size. First, let's go ahead and investigate why
there are indeed two different font sizes. Let's right-click on this menu
text right here and click Inspect. So here we are on that a element,
that link element. Let's go and click on the text itself. Let's go ahead and try to scroll and find the first time that font
size is mentioned right here. So it should be right
around here somewhere. And there it is. The first time font size is being
mentioned, and it's not crossed out, which means it is applicable
to our element right now. It's coming from styles.css. That's our file. And it's going for 16 pixels. So this menu item right here, the menu
text, I should say, is actually 16 pixels. Well, what about our glyph icon? The glyph icon is really just a span
above it, or inside this a href. So let's go ahead and
click on the glyph icon. And we'll scroll all the way up. And let's take a look. The glyph icon actually is getting
its sizing from #navlist a followed by a followed by span, and
it's also coming from styles.css. Well, we kind of want to override that. We want to override that and
we want to override and make our menu just a little bit bigger. It's a little bit too small. Let's go ahead and go to our code editor. And I already have a style
here that we can apply, and I'll go ahead and cut and
paste it right here. And this style will take that 16
pixels that we're inheriting for that a element from the body
element that's been defined, and it's going to bump it
up just a little bit. So we're bumping it up about 20%,
so 1.2ems. So if we save that right now,
go back to our browser, and you can see that the menu
became a little bit bigger. Well, so did the glyph icon, obviously,
because the glyph icon is sitting inside, right now it's a 1.8em, well, 1.8em, it became 1.8em of whatever the menu was,
because the menu is kind of sitting inside of the a element
which encompasses this glyph icon. So let's go ahead and change that. And I since want the glyph icon to be
exactly the same size as the menu item, well, we just then want to inherit
whatever the menu item's font size is onto the glyph icon. Well, the way to do that is to make sure
that this span has 1em as its font size. In other words, I don't want you to change
anything from whatever I'm inheriting. I want you to be 100% of whatever
it is that I'm inheriting. And I should be inheriting at this
point the font size from the a element. Well, the problem is, at the moment I'm
actually overriding it directly with having a, and I don't want to, obviously,
put anything new there, but I'm overriding right now with the ID followed by an
element and followed by another element. Well, we know all about
specificity in CSS, so we could override that very
easily by just specifying that. Let's copy that. And so that's ID followed by an element
followed by another element, so that would override that. And all we need to do is
just say font-size: 1em. And that is basically instructing
the browser to override whatever font size this specific selector had and override
it with 1em, which will in turn take whatever its parent element had and
keep it exactly the same. Well, its parent element
had 16 pixels times 1.2, which is about 19 something,
19 something pixels or 19.2 or so. And it will keep it right here. So if we save this and
go back to our browser, we should now see that they're both looking pretty good and
just about the same. One last thing here is,
they look way too close, and I think we need to put
a margin on one of them. Well, for example, we could put them,
on the actual glyph icon, we could put margin right. I would say about five pixels or so. So let's go back here and
give it a margin-right 5 pixels. We'll save that, go back to the browser. And now the drop down menu is looking much
better, and it seems like we're done with the menu, at least for
this stage of the website development.