[SOUND]. Okay so
let's continue building out the site. As a quick review here where we are so
far we have the logo the name of the restaurant and this kosher certified
sign and we have the logo disappearing when we squeeze the browser to be a little
bit smaller right around I think medium. I think below medium right. So medium and
large the logo will show up, but the second it becomes less than medium and
that is small the logo will disappear. So the next thing we want to do actually
is let's go back to our design document and before we start coding the menu
buttons that will show up in the header, these menu, about, awards, and so on. Let's go ahead and try to take care
of the mobile view of our site where those menu items will not be there
and they'll be collapsed and what will be here is this button right here that
will let us open up the navigation and choose one of the menu items. And the reason I want to jump straight
to this is because our navbar header kind of includes everything
that will be in the mobile view. So I want to kind of take care of it right
now since we already took care of these couple of things, I want to take care of
this as well so then we'll be on our way. Okay, so before we code it, let's take a
glance at the bootstrap documentation and the bootstrap documentation is
really actually right here and for us to really see that button, we would
have to squeeze the browser ourselves. Let's squeeze about here and let's
going to refresh it again to go to menu, or to the nav bar. And when we scroll down, we'll see that's
the same examples in all those menu now. All those menu items are now below and
when you click, they kind of show up. And here's the code that shows you the
code in order to achieve that same effect. So we're going to go ahead and
do that in our code. Let's put the browser back to the max and
we'll refresh that here, we already have our
browser sync started so what we need to do here is I have
some code that I prepared and we need to paste is right in here where
it would be inside the navbar header. Note that I'm working in the after folder
that's located inside of the Lecture31 folder. So let's go ahead and paste it right here. And here's that same code,
this is same code you saw on that website, on the bootstrap documentation website. So let me go over what
we're looking at right now. The first thing is the class
navbar-toggle, and that is the class that is actually controlling
the positioning of this whole button, and if actually go ahead and, let's go
ahead and let's copy that real quick. Let's look at it in our bootstrap itself. Let's go search for it over here. Okay, so you see nav bar toggle and
you see that the position is relative and it's floating to the right, but if we
keep looking for it, oops I messed up, if we keep looking for
nav bar toggle you'll see in a minute that at a certain media width it will be
display none, in other words it will only display when it is less than, I believe,
less than medium or maybe it's small. Or something like that but
it's all automatic but I don't really remember 100% but
you'll see that it will work. So navbar-toggle is basically
giving us our positioning and kind of styling at the same time. Now the collapse class actually
does not exist in bootstrap. If you take a look and I will actually
will search for good and search for collapsed and you'll see that
there's really nothing there. Now, so what is this collapse class doing? Well what it's doing is
signifying to a plugin, a bootstrap plugin that this
button is in a collapsed state. That is, nobody's clicked on it yet,
and once somebody clicks on it, this collapse class will go away. But all of that is done automatically
by the bootstrap plugin, the collapsed plugin. And you can actually see the name of this
plugin right here under data-toggle. Now this data dash and
this data dash are HTML5 API attributes that allow JavaScript plugins
or JavaScript code in general to get at these attributes very,
very easily in a standardized way. Now if I actually take
this collapsed word, and go to our, not CSS but
actually JavaScript, and we'll open up Bootstrap.js, we can
actually go ahead and search for collapse. And you'll see here, there's a plugin
called collapse, collapse.js. And that is what's actually taking care
of that whole, pulling the menu down and pulling it back up. But actually, to us,
it doesn't make any difference. We're just users of this plug in so we really don't need to know all
of its gory details on the inside. Now this aria-expanded="false",
that is really for screen readers. And we're not really covering in this
course screen readers specific attributes but it's kind of got swept up
in here because it is part of the commentation to put it here and
it's a good idea to leave it. Now the rest of them are span and
that's really again for screen reader to say toggle navigation. Those words toggle navigation
will actually never show up and it says here as you can see sr,
screen reader, only. Meaning this will not show up
on the actual browser screen. And then we have three spans,
icon-bar, icon-bar, icon-bar. And all it's doing is putting those icons,
those horizontal lines, inside of our button. Let's go ahead and save that. And go back to the browser. And you don't see anything. The reason you don't see
anything is because our page isn't squeezed enough yet. So let's go ahead and squeeze it and
see if that button will show up. Bam, and
that button shows up right around here. Right?
I don't know what that is in terms of the sizing. I guess we could find out real
quick by opening that up. So it's around It's around
700-something pixel, 768, 767 that these buttons show up. Now, if you see it's the hover works but if you click it nothing is
actually going on, yet. Well, the reason nothing is going is
because we haven't really enabled that behavior in our HTML and we haven't hooked
up the JavaScript to it yet, but we will. And when we do, this data dash target is
going to be very important because its value is collapsable-nav, and
that is totally a name that I made up, and that name is going to be used for
an ID of an element. That is going to be lower down, and
it's going to include all of those navigation menus that will be kind
of disappearing, and collapsing, and again expanding, and so on. Okay, and I don't know if you noticed, but
actually if we squeeze the browser again you'll see it, is that our button's not
really styled to the rest of the site. It's kind of got the default
bootstrap styles. And we're not going to
leave it alone like this. We're going to fix that but we're
going to do that in a different video.